Add setting k8s versions in config to docs (#1282)
kubernetes-sigs/kind: site/content/docs/user/configuration.md

- role: worker
{{< /codeFromInline >}}

> You can also set a specific Kubernetes version by setting the node image. You can find available versions on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/kindest/node/tags):

Reviewer: Please don't recommend this. We don't currently guarantee that those tags will be compatible. You should check the release notes for a list of images we shipped with the release OR build a custom image

Author: Okay, can we instead of not describing how to do this, update the verbiage? It seems disadvantageous to not document this.

Reviewer: right, we should document setting image, just not doing so by checking docker hub tags, please point to the release notes instead and recommend including the `sha256` bit.

Reviewer: we should also give an example following best practices I.E., including the full documented image.

Author: I'm not sure what you had in mind. I'm not super familiar with `kind` so I wouldn't consider myself authoritative on best practices.

> You can also set a specific Kubernetes version by setting the `node`'s container image. You can find available image tags on the [releases page](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind/releases). Please use the `sha256` shasum for your desired kubernetes version, as seen in this example:

Reviewer: I want to go ahead and get this in, but I think we should use more precise language for the sha256 bit:
```suggestion
You can also set a specific Kubernetes version by setting the `node`'s container image. You can find available image tags on the [releases page](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind/releases). Please include the `@sha256:` [image digest](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/pull/#pull-an-image-by-digest-immutable-identifier) from the image in the release notes, as seen in this example:
```

{{< codeFromInline lang="yaml" >}}
kind: Cluster
apiVersion: kind.x-k8s.io/v1alpha4
nodes:
- role: control-plane
- role: worker

>   image: kindest/node:v1.16.4@sha256:b91a2c2317a000f3a783489dfb755064177dbc3a0b2f4147d50f04825d016f55

Reviewer: I wonder how hard it would be to put this in a data file as a follow up, so we can keep the example updated with a valid one for the current kind version.

can be a follow up
